Then I'll go. Okay?
I'll send it to you, hahaha Mayor Wu.
From now on, your business is mine
Don't worry, after I go back.
Sure to help you look good
Just wait for the promotion and get rich
Then I thank my brother
bloom
Sir, I just found this suspicious
Let's check it out again.
Where did the doubt come from?
Hey, Li Jiaren
Don't fiddle with right and wrong
Be careful I know your sin
Sir, I also received the order
Right to investigate
Li Jiaren
The investigation has been completed here.
There is no doubt.
But your previous defection didn't quite fit the true process
Mayor Wu, I'll leave it to you to check
Don't worry sir
I will handle the case impartially
Give the above a perfect explanation
Someone is frightened by me, his weapon, watch over you.
Sir, just say something for me
Brother Wu, it's getting late
Then I'll say goodbye
Sir, walk slowly
Sir sir
Don't leave me alone, sir
Chairperson, I was wrong.
I was also forced
You are amazing
Forgive me, forgive you
Those who died because of you
Can they come back to life?
Since it cannot be resurrected
Then you go down
Take it out
The samurai hit you, give me another chance
Excuse me, Mr. Mayor. He's about to let go.
You need to meet him.